Add Identity metrics documentation for .NET 10 (#36324)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/log-mon/metrics/metrics.md

* Makes an HTTP request to the web app.
* Asserts the test using results from the metrics collector.

:::moniker range=">= aspnetcore-10.0"

## ASP.NET Core Identity metrics

ASP.NET Core Identity observability has been improved in .NET 10 with metrics. These metrics help you monitor user management activities and authentication processes.

> The metrics are in the `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Identity` meter and include:

Reviewer: I don't think the style manul permits colons before headings, or at least it doesn't state they're acceptable, nor does Chicago. Recommend something more like ...

```suggestion
The metrics are in the `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Identity` meter and are described by the following sections.
```

### User management metrics

* `aspnetcore.identity.user.create.duration` measures the duration of user creation operations.
* `aspnetcore.identity.user.update.duration` - Measures the duration of user update operations
* `aspnetcore.identity.user.delete.duration` - Measures the duration of user deletion operations
* `aspnetcore.identity.user.check_password_attempts` - Counts password verification attempts

> * `aspnetcore.identity.user.generated_tokens` counts tokens generated for users , such as password reset tokens.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `aspnetcore.identity.user.generated_tokens` counts tokens generated for users, such as password reset tokens.
```
